# Release notes for Digital Signature module

**Release date: 2025-0X-XX**<br>
**Release tag: 4.X.X**<br>
**Link to module: https://github.com/OS2Forms/os2forms/modules/os2forms_digital_signature/**<br>
**JIRA case: https://os2web.atlassian.net/browse/S2FRMS-57**

It is now possible to add digital signatures to forms submissions in OS2forms via the “OS2Forms Digital Signature” module. The module is installed under “Extend”, and subsequently configured via “Configuration” \-\> “System” \-\> “OS2Forms Digital Signature”. Here, among other things, the URL to the signature server, hash salt, relevant IP addresses and time period for handling unsigned submissions must be specified.

To use digital signatures in a form, the “OS2Forms Attachment” element must be added, as it generates the PDF that is sent for signing via the Digitaliseringsstyrelsen’s signing component. Digital Signature can be activated on the “OS2Forms Attachment” element. In addition, the Digital Signature handler must be added (no configuration required at this handler). If e-mail handlers are used, and you want these to be activated only after signing, this can be specified under the handler’s advanced settings.

Please note that the Digitaliseringsstyrelsen’s signing component does not support links in PDF files generated by Drupal – neither in content nor in layout (e.g. header and footer).

You can find a detailed user description in our documentation here: https://github.com/OS2Forms/os2forms_docs/blob/master/docs/digital_signature/documentation-on-digital-signature-module.md